feat(docs): Note type IDs and compute_note_hash_and_nullifier page (#4636)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: docs/docs/developers/contracts/writing_contracts/storage/storage_slots.md

With this note structure, the contract can require that only notes sitting at specific storage slots can be used by specific operations, e.g., if transferring funds from `from` to `to`, the notes to destroy should be linked to `H(map_slot, from)` and the new notes (except the change-note) should be linked to `H(map_slot, to)`.

That way, we can have logical storage slots, without them really existing. This means that knowing the storage slot for a note is not enough to actually figure out what is in there (whereas it would be for looking up public state).

## Note type IDs

> The notion of `storage slots` helps enable a structured approach to data discovery and validation, but it does not allow a smart contract to hold multiple types of notes within one `Map`. This is because notes within a `Map` would get their own storage slot that is dynamically computed for each key.

Reviewer: Consider removing this line. Instead of saying `Map`s with different note types aren't possible, and then saying they are possible because of note ids in the next paragraph, maybe just say they are possible because of note ids.

> The notion of `storage slots` has helped enable a structured approach to data discovery and validation, but it does not allow a smart contract to hold multiple types of notes within one `map`. This is because notes within a `map` would get their own storage slot that is dynamically computed for each key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The notion of `storage slots` helps enable a structured approach to data discovery and validation, but it does not allow a smart contract to hold multiple types of notes within one `Map`. This is because notes within a `Map` would get their own storage slot that is dynamically computed for each key.
```
